The Joe Rogan experience. The mind.
Forces the body into moving over and over and over again. You know,
you do it to this level of perfection that you do
for a person like me who doesn't know anything about cards.
I don't know anything about card tricks. I don't know how they work.
I can't shuffle. If you watch me shuffle, you'd laugh at me,
but I watch your hand movements. I'm like, oh.
This is amazing. It's amazing.
Guys that I'm around that I wouldn't even pull a deck of cards out of my pocket
if they're near me, because they're that guy that does it 13 hours. Yeah. Yeah.
Like, like the guy just told fascinating, but, but yeah,
but there's also different aspects of it. So like, you know, there's also guys,
I'm not going to go into details, but I met,
I feel like I shouldn't even say this, but it's fine. Cause it's fine.
So I met a kid once who moved to Las Vegas
when he was, this is a crazy story to.
Tell.
That it's a good story. Okay. I won't go into details.
So he moved to Las Vegas when he was 12,
he moved there because he wanted to meet a specific person who is considered
the best card sheet ever. Meaning the guy,
this is a guy that, the reason that Vegas has those,
instead of like the dealer peaking the, the down card,
they have to put it into a machine and push a button.
He's the guy that the movie casino was built around with the computer and the
shoe. Like he was the, the best card she ever.
But among magicians,
he's like a phenomenon because he's working on moves not to entertain anybody
he's working on move. So he doesn't get his hands smashed up against the wall.
Binion's right. Yeah. So he's working on Mussa.
He's not going to get killed survival. Yes. So
this kid at the age of 12 knows about him,
moves to Las Vegas and buys a craps table.
He puts the craps table, Tim and his mom, right as my single mother and him,
they live in this small apartment,
very close to the man I was telling you about,
and this kid throws dice 15 hours a day on
this crap, stable, by the way, their little bed is like under the table.
You know what I mean? It's a small space and it's a real crap stable,
like a nice one.
The only thing he does is repetitiously throw that and he can helicopter
spin the dice.
So you can't see them doing this if such force going around this way,
that when they hit the wall one die,
won't break the number and he can throw it exactly to this part of the,
of the table, missing this from across the table. So that one died locks.
And every time he can guarantee that number,
he did that every day for almost decade,
until he could throw dice better than any other human being in the world.
Then he went and got a job at one of the casinos that texts for car cheats and
worked in the craps tables. It's all he did.
And as soon as he turned 21, he went out,
travels the world and wins the exact amount of money that he wouldn't playing
craps where you're not detected, but, but you can live the exact amount. I mean,
I under, you know, probably under a million, probably a few million a year. So,
but I'm saying it's not like he's going in and getting a degree. It's,
it's very smart and structured. Yeah.
And that's delivered places and he can throw dice.
Like I've never seen anybody throw dice. It's crazy. They take.
People that are really good at cards. Like my friend,
Dana white has been barred from casinos because he wins.
At black jazz. Probably just counting. I don't know what he's doing.
He's counting.
But they've, they've kicked him out of casinos. Cause he's won a lot of money,
but he's also lost a lot of money,
which is bizarre to me that you can go to a place and do really well.
And they're like, you're doing too well. You got to get out of here.
It says mine, every table, we have the right to refuse anybody,
which is important. Do they do that with.
Dice? Is the question I get the, how they would do that.
Do you want me to hear a dice? Because this isn't me doing magic. This is luck.
Okay. Okay. So I don't believe it is. I don't like the way he paused,
but I'm serious. I know,
but I'm saying that because I'm trying to be convincing. Okay. So,
because I'm telling the truth, but anyway, I go to the palms, you know the,
yeah. Okay. And, um, they had a bet on the craps table called the fire bet.
And it was like a, uh,
a game where you have to hit all of the numbers open and close without crapping
out.
So when I walk up to the table right away,
the pit boss and everybody, they make a big deal. Like you can't touch the dice.
And they're like I said, you can call up. I can touch the dice. Cause you know,
they invite me. So I say, I can touch the dice. And uh,
cause I wanted to throw right. I don't want to just gamble on a rant. So anyway,
I, um, cause even though I'm not cheating, I still feel like, you know,
maybe I'll get, I have a little bit of an ability that's giving,
you know what I mean? Right. Not a cheating ability,
but maybe I'm a little better than a random person. Right. Got it.
So the pit ball, they make a joke and then the woman pit boss comes out.
She says, well, if you take your shirt off, we'll let you throw the dice joking.
Right. So anyway, what I do is I bet for everybody at the end,
this I go to the low stakes table, always. So the high stakes tables,
that super bowl team right over there. And they're like, ah, they're all crazy,
right? Like all excited with these big bet over here with this table,
we all have little bets, right. That I say,
let's put a fire bet down for everybody.
So I put the fire bet down for every single person at the table,
including the dealers. I mean the pit bull, you know, the, you know,
with the deicing and uh, I'm throwing the dice,
thrown the dice and this goes for two and a half hours.
I keep throwing the dice. I didn't hit, I didn't crap out.
I hit sevens in between each number, which you can craps work.
So you have to roll like a five let's say, and then I'm like, oh no,
I need to roll another five.
Which is statistically much more difficult than a seven,
because seven is the most common number to come up. So if you roll a five,
you're like, oh that's hard. Cause you can only get a two, three or three,
two on both dice or a one, four or four one.
So you have a four at a 36. That's a one and nine.
So you're probably going to crap out before you get the number.
That's why the game is to their favor.
So I'm throwing the dice and it's two and a half hours
later and they stop everything and they're like
your fire, but just hit. And the table goes, what does that be?
They go, well, you all just won like 10 grand each. They all go.
Everybody's got, they gave you the taser. Everybody's going nuts.
And we hit the fire bet would save now removed from the pals either way.
But it was,
it was a pretty unheard of like the odds of hitting that bet is pretty
rare, but it's just luck. Nobody should hit that.
Bet. I mean, statistically, it's unlikely and I wasn't cheating.
So yeah.
So do they, but the question is.
For some reason I'm lucky with dice, right? But I'm not I, but I can tell you,
I would be, if I was great with dice, I'd tell you that was great. By the way,
I actually have a dye on
this story for this reason, but I do have a die of it.
Have you practiced with dice? Um, no. Yes, but I'm terrible at it.
So I do have a duck.
But it does make sense that if you look at what that is,
that that's a physical thing. And then if you develop a touch,
you develop a feel, you do something over and over and over again.
This is different, but here look, take the die. Okay. And, and, uh,
can you like, uh, put it between your hand or whatever? Like, uh,
and can you mix it like that and then squeeze it when you're done or no,
keep it hidden, but put it on the table,
but make sure you can't see it and I can't see it.
So you greet like no one could see that. Right. Are you sure? A hundred percent.
Do you want to do it again? Try it again? Just no, because it could be weighted.
So just, or you're done. You're good. You're good. Yeah. Okay. Uh,
say a number between one and six, like pick a number of to six. Okay.
That five is what I said on the craps table. Right.
But I already know that it's a four
and the five is here. Face. Agree.
How do you know that? That's uncomfortable.
Can you do that again? Probably not. You know what we'll do.
Let's stop whenever you want. Yeah.
Cause it could be like a way to die by the way.
That's how people cheat with dices.
They also take the dye and they flip it and they want it to be, you know,
so it's like you throw the numbers. So you said you wanted a five, right? Yeah.
Go ahead. Yeah. It's five.
That food away from me, man. Is that
that's so weird. That must be a rush for you though. Just.
To blow people's minds like that all the time.
But see, so it's not, you know, I don't think of it.
So what happens is the digital fixation part of like the love of just like
learning something new and exciting. That's like really the,
the stimulus is like that,
that fixation almost like the meditative thing that you're talking about. But,
but as a magician that is performing and trying to make TV shows,
it's really difficult because you have to like keep coming up with new things,
which is that's hard.
[inaudible].